README.md, before:

# Betty Bet

   Betty Bet is a Discord bot designed to manage bets and games within your server. It offers a variety of commands to place bets, check statistics, organize tournaments, and much more.

## Features

- **/register**: Register to get initial GearPoints and start betting.
- **/points**: Check your current GearPoints and status.
- **/pointvault**: Check the GearPoints in your Point Vault.
- **/claim**: Claim GearPoints from your Point Vault to add them to your balance.
- **/bethistory**: View your betting history.
- **/togglenotifications**: Toggle notifications for inventory GearPoints.
- **/help**: Present Betty Bet and its features.
- **/blackjack**: Pay 10 points and play with Betty Bet in a game of blackjack, if you win you win double, if you lose the 10 points are gone and added to the Debilus Closet.

  
### Commands reserved for **BetManager** roles:

- **/placeyourbets**: Start a betting period between two players.
  - **Options**:
    - `player1name`: Name of player 1.
    - `player2name`: Name of player 2.
- **/addpoints**: Add GearPoints to a specific user.
  - **Options**:
    - `user`: User to add GearPoints to.
    - `points`: Number of GearPoints to add.
- **/clearbets**: Clear all bets in case of issues and refund GearPoints.
- **/win**: Declare the winner and redistribute GearPoints.
  - **Option**:
    - `winner`: The winning player. (1 or 2)
- **/betslist**: See the list of bets placed on each player.
- **/deleteuser**: Delete a registered user.
  - **Option**:
    - `userid`: ID of the user to delete.
- **/backup**: Encrypt and save data from decrypted backup.
- **/leaderboard**: Show the leaderboard of top betters.
- **/clearbethistory**: Clear the betting history of all users.


## Additional Features

- **Automatic Points System**: Points are added to your Point Vault at fixed times every day (12:00 AM and 12:00 PM Local Time), up to a maximum of 15 points. You can claim these points using the `/claim` command.
- **Debilus Closet**: Every point lost is sent to the Debilus Closet. 
      
## Installation

1. **Install Node.js**:
   First, make sure Node.jsis installed on your machine. Node.jsis a runtime environment for JavaScript that allows you to run your bot. You can download and install it from [nodejs.org](https://nodejs.org/).

2. **Clone this repository to your local machine**:
   To download the source code of this project to your computer, open your terminal (or command prompt) and run the following commands:
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/SweetDebilus/betty-bet.git
   cd betty-bet
   ```
   The first command downloads the project, and the second command places you in the project directory.
   
3. **Install the required dependencies**:
   Once you're in the project directory, you need to install all the libraries and modules the project needs to work. Run the following command in your terminal:
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
   This command reads the `package.json` file and installs all the listed dependencies.
   
4. **Configure the environment variables**:
   Environment variables are sensitive and specific to your setup that you don't want to include directly in your code. To configure these variables, create a file called `.env` at the root of the project (the same directory where package.json is located) and add the following lines with your own values:
   ```sh
   DISCORD_TOKEN=your-discord-bot-token
   ALGO=your-encryption-algorithm
   KEY=your-secret-key
   POINTS=emoji-id
   BETTY=emoji-id
   DEBILUS=emoji-id
   DEBCOIN=emoji-id
   ROLE=your-role-for-users-in-discord
   CHANNEL=your-channel-id-for-the-game
   PATHLOG=path/to/your/log/file.log
   BETTYID=Betty-Bet-Id
   RESTRICTED=true/false
   ```
   Replace each `emoji-id` and `your...` with the appropriate values for your bot.

5. **Start the bot**:
   Finally, to launch your bot, run the following command in your terminal:
   ```sh
   node dist/index.js
   ```
   This command starts your bot by running the index.js file located in the dist directory.

## Usage

   Once the bot is running, invite it to your Discord server and use the commands to start betting and playing. Make sure you have the appropriate roles to use the commands reserved for BetManagers.

   *Please note, this bot meets a specific need and certain features are not suitable for everyone.*

## License

   This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more information.

## Conclusion

   This README provides a comprehensive overview of Betty Bet, its features, and how to install and use it. If you need more details or additional modifications, let me know!

Made with ❤️ by [Selena V](https://github.com/SweetDebilus)

Commit message:

Added the Higher or Lower game. README updated and incorrect description of a feature corrected (this feature is only relevant to my Discord server). But it's my bot, I do what I want

README.md, after:

# Betty Bet

   Betty Bet is a Discord bot designed to manage bets and games within your server. It offers a variety of commands to place bets, check statistics, organize tournaments, and much more.

## Features

- **/register**: Register to get initial GearPoints and start betting.
- **/points**: Check your current GearPoints and status.
- **/pointvault**: Check the GearPoints in your Point Vault.
- **/claim**: Claim GearPoints from your Point Vault to add them to your balance.
- **/bethistory**: View your betting history.
- **/togglenotifications**: Toggle notifications for inventory GearPoints.
- **/help**: Present Betty Bet and its features.
- **/blackjack**: Pay 10 points and play with Betty Bet in a game of blackjack, if you win you win double, if you lose the 10 points are gone and added to the Debilus Closet.
- **/higherlower**: Play a game of Higher or Lower

  
### Commands reserved for **BetManager** roles:

- **/placeyourbets**: Start a betting period between two players.
  - **Options**:
    - `player1name`: Name of player 1.
    - `player2name`: Name of player 2.
- **/addpoints**: Add GearPoints to a specific user.
  - **Options**:
    - `user`: User to add GearPoints to.
    - `points`: Number of GearPoints to add.
- **/clearbets**: Clear all bets in case of issues and refund GearPoints.
- **/win**: Declare the winner and redistribute GearPoints.
  - **Option**:
    - `winner`: The winning player. (1 or 2)
- **/betslist**: See the list of bets placed on each player.
- **/deleteuser**: Delete a registered user.
  - **Option**:
    - `userid`: ID of the user to delete.
- **/backup**: Encrypt and save data from decrypted backup.
- **/leaderboard**: Show the leaderboard of top betters.
- **/clearbethistory**: Clear the betting history of all users.
- **/topbettor**: Display the best bettors based on their betting history
- **/veteranlist**: Displays and adds users who have been present on the Discord server for more than a year


## Additional Features

- **Automatic Points System**: Points are added to your Point Vault at fixed times every day (12:00 AM and 12:00 PM Local Time), up to a maximum of 15 points. You can claim these points using the `/claim` command.
- **Debilus Closet**: Every point lost is sent to the Debilus Closet. 
      
## Installation

1. **Install Node.js**:
   First, make sure Node.jsis installed on your machine. Node.jsis a runtime environment for JavaScript that allows you to run your bot. You can download and install it from [nodejs.org](https://nodejs.org/).

2. **Clone this repository to your local machine**:
   To download the source code of this project to your computer, open your terminal (or command prompt) and run the following commands:
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/SweetDebilus/betty-bet.git
   cd betty-bet
   ```
   The first command downloads the project, and the second command places you in the project directory.
   
3. **Install the required dependencies**:
   Once you're in the project directory, you need to install all the libraries and modules the project needs to work. Run the following command in your terminal:
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
   This command reads the `package.json` file and installs all the listed dependencies.
   
4. **Configure the environment variables**:
   Environment variables are sensitive and specific to your setup that you don't want to include directly in your code. To configure these variables, create a file called `.env` at the root of the project (the same directory where package.json is located) and add the following lines with your own values:
   ```sh
   DISCORD_TOKEN=your-discord-bot-token
   ALGO=your-encryption-algorithm
   KEY=your-secret-key
   POINTS=emoji-id
   BETTY=emoji-id
   DEBILUS=emoji-id
   DEBCOIN=emoji-id
   ROLE=your-role-for-users-in-discord
   CHANNEL=your-channel-id-for-the-game
   PATHLOG=path/to/your/log/file.log
   BETTYID=Betty-Bet-Id
   RESTRICTED=true/false
   ```
   Replace each `emoji-id` and `your...` with the appropriate values for your bot.

5. **Start the bot**:
   Finally, to launch your bot, run the following command in your terminal:
   ```sh
   node dist/index.js
   ```
   This command starts your bot by running the index.js file located in the dist directory.

## Usage

   Once the bot is running, invite it to your Discord server and use the commands to start betting and playing. Make sure you have the appropriate roles to use the commands reserved for BetManagers.

   *Please note, this bot meets a specific need and certain features are not suitable for everyone.*

## License

   This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more information.

## Conclusion

   This README provides a comprehensive overview of Betty Bet, its features, and how to install and use it. If you need more details or additional modifications, let me know!

Made with ❤️ by [Selena V](https://github.com/SweetDebilus)
